# Project 0

Web Programming with Python and JavaScript

Hi there! This is my submission for project0. 

As per the requirements, I've got 4 HTML pages (index.html, about.html, testimonials.html and contact.html), 1 CSS file (styles.css) and 1 SCSS file (body.scss). 

Allow me to breakdown the contents of each file. 

1) index.html
Since Bootstrap components are something that can be used, I decided to take some time to identify the best way to make navigation between each page easy and simply. I settled on using Bootstrap's navbar component for easy traversal between the pages. I tried using regular buttons initially, but nothing else offered the creative and the technical flexibility I required which the navbar provided. The navbar and several other components used throughout the website have been used by referring to official documentations. I had to include Bootstrap's JQuery and JS files along with the stylesheet to make some of the interactions with the components work properly. Links to other webpages in the website have been provided as list elements in an unordered list.

By referring to Bootstrap documentation's typography section, I discovered certain attributed which I used to modify the appearance of the text on my web pages. The page also features an interactive image which displays an overlay if the cursor hovers over the image. This was done by modifying the opacity of the overlay image and by utilizing the hover pseudoclass offered by CSS. 

2) about.html
This page and other pages on this website shares the same basic structure as index.html. This webpage sports an image with a caption and a table of attributes on the right. The image and the table have been formatted using attributes provided by Bootstrap. 

3) testimonials.html
This page features images and a short description under each image, all formatted using attributes provided by Bootstrap.

4) contact.html
This page contains links to several websites. Each link is presented in the form of chips which are basically rounded rectangles with an image and text in them. Clicking on the chips with links will open the link in a new tab. 

5) styles.css
This is a CSS file that was generated by compiling the body.scss file. 

6) body.scss
This Sass CSS file contains several properties which I added after consulting multiple documentations. Web page properties like background colour, text colour, mobile responsive @media queries, image properties, etc have all be defined in this file. 

Each webpage was constructed by taking some time to think about what I wanted to make and then by searching for the tools that could help me achieve something that resembles the thing that I wanted to create. That's about it! The screencast will contain additional details regarding the website.

Thank you!

- Allan Cherian Biju